keyboards/kinesis/keymaps/xyverz/readme.md, before:

# Xyverz's Kinesis Keymap

## About this keymap:

The Dvorak layout shown here stems from my early Kinesis years, using the Contour PS/2 with a Dvorak software layout. Because of this, the RBRC and LBRC were on opposite sides of the board in the corner keys. I've decided to continue using this layout with my QMK Kinesis.

The QWERTY layout shown here is based entirely on the Kinesis Advantage layout. The Colemak layout is merely an adaptation of that.

I've enabled persistent keymaps for Qwerty, Dvorak and Colemak layers, similar to the default Planck layouts.

Depending on the OS, most of the LEDs are now working in this keymap, but I still have yet to get the Num Pad LED working when switching to the Numpad layer.

Removed the Media layer 2018-12-07

## Still to do:

 * Figure out how to make the Numpad LED work properly.

### Function Keys on All Layers (`keypad` toggles to the keypad layer):
	,-----------------------------------------------------------------.
	|  Esc |  F1  |  F2  |  F3  |  F4  |  F5  |  F6  |   F7   |  F8   |
 	`-----------------------------------------------------------------'
	,-----------------------------------------------------------------.
	|  F9  |  F10 |  F11 |  F12 | PScr | SLck | Paus | Keypad | Reset |
	`-----------------------------------------------------------------'

### Layer 0: Dvorak layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	|   ]    |   1  |   2  |   3  |   4  |   5  ||   6  |   7  |   8  |   9  |   0  |   [    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Tab    |   '  |   ,  |   .  |   P  |   Y  ||   F  |   G  |   C  |   R  |   L  |   \    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| CapsLk |   A  |   O  |   E  |   U  |   I  ||   D  |   H  |   T  |   N  |   S  |   -    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| LShift |   Z  |   X  |   C  |   V  |   X  ||   B  |   M  |   W  |   V  |   Z  | RShift |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |   `  |  INS | Left | Rght |              |  Up  |  Dn  |   /  |   =  |
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                             ,--------------.,--------------.
	                             | LCtl  | LAlt || RGUI | RCtl  |
	                      ,------|-------|------||------+-------+-------.
	                      |      |       | Home || PgUp | Enter |       |
	                      | BkSp |  Del  |------||------|   /   | Space |
	                      |      |       | End  || PgDn | KeyPd |       |
	                      `---------------------'`----------------------'

### Layer 1: QWERTY layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	|   =    |   1  |   2  |   3  |   4  |   5  ||   6  |   7  |   8  |   9  |   0  |   -    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Tab    |   Q  |   W  |   E  |   R  |   T  ||   Y  |   U  |   I  |   O  |   P  |   \    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| CapsLk |   A  |   S  |   D  |   F  |   G  ||   H  |   J  |   K  |   L  |   ;  |   '    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| LShift |   Z  |   X  |   C  |   V  |   B  ||   N  |   M  |   ,  |   .  |   /  | RShift |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |   `  |  Ins | Left | Rght |              |  Up  |  Dn  |   [  |   ]  |
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                             ,--------------.,--------------.
	                             | LCtl  | LAlt || RGUI | RCtl  |
	                      ,------|-------|------||------+-------+-------.
	                      |      |       | Home || PgUp | Enter |       |
	                      | BkSp |  Del  |------||------|   /   | Space |
	                      |      |       | End  || PgDn | KeyPd |       |
	                      `---------------------'`----------------------'
	 
### Keymap 2: Colemak layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	|   =    |   1  |   2  |   3  |   4  |   5  ||   6  |   7  |   8  |   9  |   0  |   -    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Tab    |   Q  |   W  |   F  |   P  |   G  ||   J  |   L  |   U  |   Y  |   ;  |   \    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| BkSpc  |   A  |   R  |   S  |   T  |   D  ||   H  |   N  |   E  |   I  |   O  |   '    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| LShift |   Z  |   X  |   C  |   V  |   B  ||   K  |   M  |   ,  |   .  |   /  | RShift |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |   `  |  Ins | Left | Rght |              |  Up  |  Dn  |   [  |   ]  |
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                             ,--------------.,--------------.
	                             | LCtl  | LAlt || RGUI | RCtl  |
	                      ,------|-------|------||------+-------+-------.
	                      |      |       | Home || PgUp | Enter |       |
	                      | BkSp |  Del  |------||------|   /   | Space |
	                      |      |       | End  || PgDn | KeyPd |       |
	                      `---------------------'`----------------------'

### layer 3 : Keypad layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	| Power  |      |      |      |      |      ||      | NmLk | KP = | KP / | KP * |        |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Sleep  |      |      |      |      |      ||      | KP 7 | KP 8 | KP 9 | KP - |        |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Wake   |      | Mute | Vol- | Vol+ |      ||      | KP 4 | KP 5 | KP 6 | KP + |        |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	|        | Stop | Prev | Play | Next | Sel  ||      | KP 1 | KP 2 | KP 3 |KP Ent|        |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |      |QWERTY|Colemk|Dvorak|              |      |      | KP . |KP Ent|
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                              ,-------------.,-------------.
	                              |      |      ||      |MacLck|
	                       ,------|------|------||------+------+------.
	                       |      |      |      ||      |      |      |
	                       |      |      |------||------|      | KP 0 |
	                       |      |      |MacLck||      |      |      |
	                       `--------------------'`--------------------'

Commit message:

[Keymap] Xyverz Kinesis keymap update (#9018)
* Mitor Tweaks

Updating Dvorak keymap to change location of Slash and Backslash
to positions more in line with my 12x5 and similar ortho layouts

* Fixed readme.md

Tidied up the readme and make some minor changes.

* Adding atreus config file

Adding a config file for my Atreus keyboard. This is to help with
the keychatter issues I've been having on my Atreus.

* Changes as requested per @zvecr

Added `#pragma once` to beginning of config.h file as requested
by @zvecr.

keyboards/kinesis/keymaps/xyverz/readme.md, after:

# Xyverz's Kinesis Keymap

## About this keymap:

This is is pretty much a stock Advantage layout for Dvorak, with a bit of rearranging of certain keys. The QWERTY layout shown here is based entirely on the Kinesis Advantage layout. The Colemak layout is merely an adaptation of that.

I've enabled persistent keymaps for Qwerty, Dvorak and Colemak layers, similar to the default Planck layouts.

Depending on the OS, most of the LEDs are now working in this keymap, but I still have yet to get the Num Pad LED working when switching to the Numpad layer.

Removed the Media layer 2018-12-07

Updated Dvorak layer to move slash to a position relative to my other 5x12 ortholinear keyboards 2020-05-04

## Still to do:

 * Figure out how to make the Numpad LED work properly.

### Function Keys on All Layers (`keypad` toggles to the keypad layer):
	,-----------------------------------------------------------------.
	|  Esc |  F1  |  F2  |  F3  |  F4  |  F5  |  F6  |   F7   |  F8   |
 	`-----------------------------------------------------------------'
	,-----------------------------------------------------------------.
	|  F9  |  F10 |  F11 |  F12 | PScr | SLck | Paus | Keypad | Reset |
	`-----------------------------------------------------------------'

### Layer 0: Dvorak layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	|   =    |   1  |   2  |   3  |   4  |   5  ||   6  |   7  |   8  |   9  |   0  |   \    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Tab    |   '  |   ,  |   .  |   P  |   Y  ||   F  |   G  |   C  |   R  |   L  |   /    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| CapsLk |   A  |   O  |   E  |   U  |   I  ||   D  |   H  |   T  |   N  |   S  |   -    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| LShift |   Z  |   X  |   C  |   V  |   X  ||   B  |   M  |   W  |   V  |   Z  | RShift |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |   `  |  INS | Left | Rght |              |  Up  |  Dn  |   [  |   ]  |
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                             ,--------------.,--------------.
	                             | LCtl  | LAlt || RGUI | RCtl  |
	                      ,------|-------|------||------+-------+-------.
	                      |      |       | Home || PgUp | Enter |       |
	                      | BkSp |  Del  |------||------|   /   | Space |
	                      |      |       | End  || PgDn | KeyPd |       |
	                      `---------------------'`----------------------'

### Layer 1: QWERTY layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	|   =    |   1  |   2  |   3  |   4  |   5  ||   6  |   7  |   8  |   9  |   0  |   -    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Tab    |   Q  |   W  |   E  |   R  |   T  ||   Y  |   U  |   I  |   O  |   P  |   \    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| CapsLk |   A  |   S  |   D  |   F  |   G  ||   H  |   J  |   K  |   L  |   ;  |   '    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| LShift |   Z  |   X  |   C  |   V  |   B  ||   N  |   M  |   ,  |   .  |   /  | RShift |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |   `  |  Ins | Left | Rght |              |  Up  |  Dn  |   [  |   ]  |
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                             ,--------------.,--------------.
	                             | LCtl  | LAlt || RGUI | RCtl  |
	                      ,------|-------|------||------+-------+-------.
	                      |      |       | Home || PgUp | Enter |       |
	                      | BkSp |  Del  |------||------|   /   | Space |
	                      |      |       | End  || PgDn | KeyPd |       |
	                      `---------------------'`----------------------'
	 
### Keymap 2: Colemak layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	|   =    |   1  |   2  |   3  |   4  |   5  ||   6  |   7  |   8  |   9  |   0  |   -    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Tab    |   Q  |   W  |   F  |   P  |   G  ||   J  |   L  |   U  |   Y  |   ;  |   \    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| BkSpc  |   A  |   R  |   S  |   T  |   D  ||   H  |   N  |   E  |   I  |   O  |   '    |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| LShift |   Z  |   X  |   C  |   V  |   B  ||   K  |   M  |   ,  |   .  |   /  | RShift |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |   `  |  Ins | Left | Rght |              |  Up  |  Dn  |   [  |   ]  |
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                             ,--------------.,--------------.
	                             | LCtl  | LAlt || RGUI | RCtl  |
	                      ,------|-------|------||------+-------+-------.
	                      |      |       | Home || PgUp | Enter |       |
	                      | BkSp |  Del  |------||------|   /   | Space |
	                      |      |       | End  || PgDn | KeyPd |       |
	                      `---------------------'`----------------------'

### layer 3 : Keypad layer

	,-------------------------------------------.,-------------------------------------------.
	| Power  |      |      |      |      |      ||      | NmLk | KP = | KP / | KP * |        |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Sleep  |      |      |      |      |      ||      | KP 7 | KP 8 | KP 9 | KP - |        |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	| Wake   |      | Mute | Vol- | Vol+ |      ||      | KP 4 | KP 5 | KP 6 | KP + |        |
	|--------+------+------+------+------+------||------+------+------+------+------+--------|
	|        | Stop | Prev | Play | Next | Sel  ||      | KP 1 | KP 2 | KP 3 |KP Ent|        |
	`--------+------+------+------+------+------'`------+------+------+------+------+--------'
	         |      |QWERTY|Colemk|Dvorak|              |      |      | KP . |KP Ent|
	         `---------------------------'              `---------------------------'
	                              ,-------------.,-------------.
	                              |      |      ||      |MacLck|
	                       ,------|------|------||------+------+------.
	                       |      |      |      ||      |      |      |
	                       |      |      |------||------|      | KP 0 |
	                       |      |      |MacLck||      |      |      |
	                       `--------------------'`--------------------'
